*your zenodo badge here*

    print("repo test")

    ## [1] "repo test"

    1+1

    ## [1] 2

lastname-etal\_year\_journal
============================

**A long-term global energy-economic model of carbon dioxide release
from fossil fuel use**

Jae Edmonds<sup>1\*</sup> and John Reilly<sup>1</sup>

<sup>1 </sup> Institute for Energy Analysis, Oak Ridge Associated
Universities, 1346 Connecticut Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20036, USA

\* corresponding author:
<a href="mailto:email@myorg.gov" class="email">email@myorg.gov</a>

Abstract
--------

In this paper the authors develop a long-term global energy-economic
model which is capable of assessing alternative energy evolutions over
periods of up to 100 years. The authors have sought to construct the
model so that it can perform its assigned task with as simple a
modelling system as possible. The model structure is fully documented
and a brief summary of results is given.

Journal reference
-----------------

Edmonds, J., & Reilly, J. (1983). A long-term global energy-economic
model of carbon dioxide release from fossil fuel use. Energy Economics,
5(2), 74-88. DOI:
<a href="https://doi.org/10.1016/0140-9883(83)90014-2" class="uri">https://doi.org/10.1016/0140-9883(83)90014-2</a>

Code reference
--------------

References for each minted software release for all code involved.

These are generated by Zenodo automatically when conducting a release
when Zenodo has been linked to your GitHub repository. The Zenodo
references are built by setting the author order in order of
contribution to the code using the author’s GitHub user name. This
citation can, and likely should, be edited without altering the DOI.

If you have modified a codebase that is outside of a formal release, and
the modifications are not planned on being merged back into a version,
fork the parent repository and add a `.<shortname>` to the version
number of the parent and construct your own name. For example,
`v1.2.5.hydro`.

Human, I.M. (2021, April 14). Project/repo:v0.1.0 (Version v0.1.0).
Zenodo.
<a href="http://doi.org/some-doi-number/zenodo.7777777" class="uri">http://doi.org/some-doi-number/zenodo.7777777</a>

Data reference
--------------

### Input data

Reference for each minted data source for your input data. For example:

Human, I.M. (2021). My input dataset name \[Data set\]. DataHub.
<a href="https://doi.org/some-doi-number" class="uri">https://doi.org/some-doi-number</a>

### Output data

Reference for each minted data source for your output data. For example:

Human, I.M. (2021). My output dataset name \[Data set\]. DataHub.
<a href="https://doi.org/some-doi-number" class="uri">https://doi.org/some-doi-number</a>

Contributing modeling software
------------------------------

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Model</th>
<th>Version</th>
<th>Repository Link</th>
<th>DOI</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>model 1</td>
<td>version</td>
<td>link to code repository</td>
<td>link to DOI dataset</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>model 2</td>
<td>version</td>
<td>link to code repository</td>
<td>link to DOI dataset</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>component 1</td>
<td>version</td>
<td>link to code repository</td>
<td>link to DOI dataset</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Reproduce my experiment
-----------------------

Fill in detailed info here or link to other documentation that is a
thorough walkthrough of how to use what is in this repository to
reproduce your experiment.

1.  Install the software components required to conduct the experiement
    from [Contributing modeling
    software](#contributing-modeling-software)
2.  Download and install the supporting input data required to conduct
    the experiement from [Input data](#input-data)
3.  Run the following scripts in the `workflow` directory to re-create
    this experiment:

<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 33%" />
<col style="width: 33%" />
<col style="width: 33%" />
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Script Name</th>
<th>Description</th>
<th>How to Run</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><code>step_one.py</code></td>
<td>Script to run the first part of my experiment</td>
<td><code>python3 step_one.py -f /path/to/inputdata/file_one.csv</code></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><code>step_two.py</code></td>
<td>Script to run the last part of my experiment</td>
<td><code>python3 step_two.py -o /path/to/my/outputdir</code></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

1.  Download and unzip the output data from my experiment [Output
    data](#output-data)
2.  Run the following scripts in the `workflow` directory to compare my
    outputs to those from the publication

<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 33%" />
<col style="width: 33%" />
<col style="width: 33%" />
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Script Name</th>
<th>Description</th>
<th>How to Run</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><code>compare.py</code></td>
<td>Script to compare my outputs to the original</td>
<td><code>python3 compare.py --orig /path/to/original/data.csv --new /path/to/new/data.csv</code></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Reproduce my figures
--------------------

Use the scripts found in the `figures` directory to reproduce the
figures used in this publication.

<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 33%" />
<col style="width: 33%" />
<col style="width: 33%" />
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Script Name</th>
<th>Description</th>
<th>How to Run</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><code>generate_figures.py</code></td>
<td>Script to generate my figures</td>
<td><code>python3 generate_figures.py -i /path/to/inputs -o /path/to/outuptdir</code></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
